>> Brian Holt: So let's go ahead and
start building our project here.
We're gonna go into our command line,
and we're gonna say mpm install -D
parcel-bundler,
>> Brian Holt: Like that.
>> Brian Holt: Something that I wanted to,
this obviously all will work for
you because you're all doing
this on the same date that I am.
But for
people watching this video in the future,
>> Brian Holt: You might have
version incompatibilities.
Because if you watch this six months
from now, versions will change,
APIs will break, all that kind of stuff.
If you're finding yourself having weird
errors with ESLint, or Prettier, or
Parcel, what I would suggest
you do is go to the GitHub for
this particular project, which is here.
And look at the package.json for
the versions that I'm using,
and just go and
install those versions of what I'm using.
Because things might break, or
you can at least find an upgrade guide or
something like that.
But that's something you
should be suspect of.
So for example, of Parcel,
we are using 1.9.7.
>> Brian Holt: Oops, t hat's the project.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
>> Brian Holt: So
we have parcel-bundler installed now,
and this is the wow moment for Parcel.
I'm just gonna say comma,
and I'm gonna put dev.
This is inside of scripts, right,
parcel src/index.html, that's it.
That's really all we have to do for
Parcel for the rest of the course.
There's no additional configuration
that we need here, just blows my mind.
>> Brian Holt: But that's because Parcel
knows out of the box what to do with most
of the types of frontend files.
So it knows how to handle Flow,
it knows how to handle TypeScript,
it knows how to handle JSX.
These are all things that it just
knows how to handle out of the box,
which is amazing..
It can handle SASS, it can handle LESS,
handles quite a bit of stuff.
>> Brian Holt: Great, so now what we
should be able to do is say mpm run dev.
>> Brian Holt: Now, this isn't
super interesting because we're not
really compiling anything.
Right, we're not doing module imports,
we're not bringing in anything from our
node module,
sSo nothing's really happening here.
All it's just doing is running
a local server for us.
So whereas before, you have been running
your project using the file open.
Right, we're not gonna do that anymore.
Instead of doing file open, what we're
gonna do is, we're gonna go to localhost,
which is, localhost points
at your computer, right, so
it kinda loops back to itself.
So it pretends that it's going out to the
Internet to get this file, but it's really
just grabbing it from your own local
computer, that's what localhost does.
And then localhost:1234 is
the port that it's on, by default,
that's where it opens, so localhost:1234.
The port, in case you're wondering,
it's like an address.
Right, localhost tells you where to go,
so it goes to your computer.
And then it says, which address,
which door to knock on to get it.
Right, so we're going to address 1234,
and we open it,
we can see our project here, right?